As you can see here,
we've got a pivot table.
And if I changed the width of its columns and try to refresh the pivot table,
so right click and then re fresh because here that the width of the columns returns back to
what it was.
So to prevent that from happening,
we can right click on the pivot table and then go to pivot table options.
And then there is an option here.
There is so to fit column wits on update.
So if we disable the option and press OK here and then we change the width of the columns
again and then right,
click and refresh because here that the columns have not returned to their with before we
change the with so you can see that the columns retained their with that we changed them to
.